1. The purpose of this Git repository is to serve as a portfolio that displays of all (or most) of the work I have done in this class and provides a cursory overview of all of the topics we have covered.
2. My favorite assignment was Assignment 4, because a) it gave me a look into how another student approached an assignment that I found difficult, b) it was fun to have a more open-ended assignment in which I could discuss any security vulnerabilites I wanted that were present in the code and c) the real-world applications are clear.
3. I think I have grown in this class mostly thanks to the semester group project. This project required learning things on my own that were not discussed in class, and doing so successfully gave me a lot more confidence as a computer science student.
4. I think the most important thing I learned in this class is how valuable it can be to work with other people. Before starting this class, I really underestimated the benefits of working in a group, and tended to focus on the negatives: working in a group requires compromise, accomodating everyone's schedule, etc. When given the choice, I usually always elected to work by myself rather than work with others. However, after working on the semester group project for a while I've really grown to value my group members, and I enjoy working with them a lot. It's really nice to have their input and support, and I think I'll be much more open to working with others in the future. 
5. I would like to delve deeper into express and node.js, because I feel like I still don't completely understand server side frameworks.